Add corrections and extensions for the rrbot (#71)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: README.md

* <ros2_control> tags in the URDF must be compatible with the controller's configuration.
* PLUGINLIB_EXPORT_CLASS macro is required when implementing an interface.

> # Testing from the sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build from source
```

> * Checkout [ros-controls/ros2_control](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control) to get the core.
> * Checkout [ros-controls/ros2_controllers](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_controllers) to get all the controllers.
> * Checkout [ros-controls/ros2_control_demos](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control_demos) to get example hardware and robot launch files.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
git clone https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control
git clone https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_controllers
git clone https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control_demos
```
````
I'd simplify this with a copy-pastable instruction above

**NOTE**: `ros2_control` and `ros2_controllers` packages are released for foxy and can be installed using package manager.

>   Still, it is recommended to use source version since there might be some not-yet-released changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For daily use it is recommended to use the released version but there may always be some not-yet-released changes that are required to build the demos.
```
I'd not advise anyone to check things out from source. We are trying to advocate for a stable ROS distribution, not the wild west! :cowboy_hat_face:

   ```
   Check if controllers are activated:
   ```
   ros2 control list_controllers
   ```
   You should get `active` in the response:
   ```
   joint_state_controller[joint_state_controller/JointStateController] active
   forward_position_controller[forward_command_controller/ForwardCommandController] active
   ```

**NOTE**: You can do this in only one step by using `load_start_controller` verb instead of `load_configure_controller`.

3. Send command to the controller, either:

   a. Manually using ros2 cli interface:
   ```
   ros2 topic pub /forward_position_controller/commands std_msgs/msg/Float64MultiArray "data:
   - 0.5
   - 0.5"
   ```

## Result

1. Independently from the controller you should see how the example's output changes.
  Look for the following lines
   ```
   [RRBotSystemPositionOnlyHardware]: Got state 0.0 for joint 0!
   [RRBotSystemPositionOnlyHardware]: Got state 0.0 for joint 1!
   ```

2. If you echo the `/joint_states` or `/dynamic_joint_states` topics you should also get similar values.
   ```
   ros2 topic echo /joint_states
   ros2 topic echo /dynamic_joint_states
   ```

> 3. You should also see the *RRbot* moving in the `rviz2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You should also see the *RRbot* moving in `rviz2`.
```

* Do not forget to source `setup.bash` from the `install` folder!
  
  
# Getting Started with ros2_control

Each of the described example cases from the roadmap has its own launch and URDF file.

## Starting example robots

> First you need to start robot's hardware and load controllers configuration.
> This is done using one launch file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each example is started with a single launch file which starts up the robot hardware, loads controller configurations and it also opens `rviz2`. 
```

> To visualize the robot's state `rviz2` is started automatically.
> If this is not the case than follow the next you can do it manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rviz2` setup can be recreated following these steps:
```

- The robot models can be visualized using `RobotModel` display using `/robot_description` topic.
- Or you can simply open the configuration from `rviz` folder in `ros2_control_demo_robot` package manually or directly by executing:
  ```
  rviz2 --display-config `ros2 pkg prefix ros2_control_demo_robot`/share/ros2_control_demo_robot/rviz/rrbot.rviz
  ```

> The *RRbbot*'s URDF files can be found in the `description` folder of `ros2_control_demo_robot` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*RRBot*, or ''Revolute-Revolute Manipulator Robot'', is a simple 3-linkage, 2-joint arm that we will use to demonstrate various features. It essentially a double inverted pendulum and demonstrates some fun control concepts within a simulator and was originally introduced for Gazebo tutorials.
The *RRbot* URDF files can be found in the `description` folder of `ros2_control_demo_robot` package.
```

### Example 1: "Industrial Robots with only one interface"

1. Open another terminal and start the roslaunch file:
   ```
   ros2 launch ros2_control_demo_robot rrbot_system_position_only.launch.py
   ```

> 2. Open another terminal and check if `RRBotSystemPositionOnlyHardware` is loaded properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open another terminal and check that `RRBotSystemPositionOnlyHardware` loaded properly:
```

   ```
   ros2 control list_hardware_interfaces
   ```
   You should get something like:
   ```
   command interfaces
         joint1/position [unclaimed]
         joint2/position [unclaimed]
   state interfaces
          joint1/position
          joint2/position
   ```

## Controlles and moving hardware

> To move the robot you should load and start contorllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To move the robot you should load and start controllers.
```

> To get feedback about robot's state `JointStateController` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `JointStateController` is used to publish the joint states to ROS topics.
```

> to send command to the robot `ForwardcommandController` (direct goals).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct joint commands are sent to this robot via the `ForwardCommandController`.
```

The sections below describe their usage.

> Than jump to the Results section to read how to check if everything is fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Results](##result) section on how to ensure that things went well.
```

https://stackoverflow.com/a/16426829

### JointStateController

Open another terminal and load, configure and start `joint_state_controller`:
```
ros2 control load_start_controller joint_state_controller
```
Check if controller is loaded properly:
```
ros2 control list_controllers
```
You should get the response:
```
joint_state_controller[joint_state_controller/JointStateController] active
```

> Now you should also see the *RRbot* represented correctly in the `rviz2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you should also see the *RRbot* represented correctly in `rviz2`.
```
